The metal pancake turner flips the cooking pancake.
Bristles of paintbrush sweeping across canvas.
Refrigerator door closing after getting a soda.
Bottle topples off the table.
"The eraser rubs against the paper, removing pencil marks."
Cork being twisted out of a bottle.
Leather glove catching a hard baseball.
Skateboard rolls swiftly over the bumpy sidewalk.
Metal marbles jostling inside a marble run.
The coffee cup rests on a cork coaster.
A wheel steadily rolls across a cement path.
An inflated basketball dribbling on the concrete court.
Cloth banner hanging from wooden twig.
Well-used broom leans against the kitchen pantry door.
Comb running through tangled hair.
Wood carving tool skilfully shapes the wood.
Hand shaking salt shaker.
The wooden beating stick beats dust off the rug.
Comb teeth slide through the fine hair.
Plastic fidget spinner rotating on rubber mat.
Tape rips open a package.
A hooked sled is being pulled through the snow.
The wristwatch knob winds the inner spring tightly.
Peeler peels an apple.
The tiny needle hole threads the silk string.
The pickaxe digs into the hard ground.
A credit card swipes through the machine.
Placing an egg in a pan.
Scissors lightly nudges against the edge of fabric.
Spatula flips pancake in air.
The potato peeler strips off the potato skin.
A swing swinging freely in the air.
Plastic bag collects scraps from the wood pile.
Bottle cap rolls energetically on the shiny tabletop.
Book slides across the glass table.
Metal grinder crushing coffee beans.
Slipped book crashes against the carpeted floor.
Paint stripper strips the wall.
Hammer striking down upon a stubborn nail.
Wooden pencil rolls around on a flat desk.
Stamp presses into the ink pad.
Clasping a necklace around a neck.
The car is traversing over the lengthy bridge.
Wood block obstructing wriggly worm.
Brick falling onto another brick.
The screwdriver tightens the metal screw in the wood.
Ripping paper sheet by hand.
Plastic frisbee lands on a lush grass lawn.
Heavy hammer hits the nail into the wood plank.
Shoveling sand into a bucket.
Ring slides onto the finger.
Candle slides along a smooth ceramic plate.
Coin flicking into a sparkling fountain.
Pencil sharpener sharpens the pencil.
The rope supports a wooden swing.
The bristle brush effectively polishes the leather shoe.
Loose sneaker swings on dangling foot.
Darts lands in the middle of the cork dartboard.
The net catches the fast-moving soccer ball.
The nerf gun shoots a foam dart.
A football zigzagging across the grassy field.
Ceramic mug crashing into tiled floor.
A man throwing a stone across a river.
A sharp razor shaves the facial hair close.
A door slamming against a solid wall.
An elbow slightly nudges against an arm.
Skateboard glides on the pavement.
A foot crushing an empty soda can.
Coin spins rapidly on a wooden table.
Metal pan banging against kitchen wall.
Tying a rope to a pole.
Wooden ladder leaning against the brick wall.
Spatula flipping the burger on the grill.
Plastic lotion bottle nudges against bathroom mirror.
Tablecloth is draped over the polished oak dining table.
Microfiber cloth rubbing water streaks from glass.
Block of cheese slides against the metal cheese grater.
A wheel continually rolling along the asphalt road.
Bottle crashes onto concrete floor.
Cymbal clashing with wooden drumstick.
Metal dustpan collecting fine dust particles.
Hammer smacks the nail.
Pickax chisels away at the rock.
Wooden hand squeezer crushing charcoal.
Razor shaves skin smooth.
Ball bounces off the floor.
Frog leaping from one lilypad to another.
String being pulled to turn on light.
Tongue licking a popsicle.
Cloth wiping away dust from the table.
Pouring sand into a plastic bottle.
Wooden swing dangles over the sand in the sandpit.
Spatula scraping food off fry pan.
A drum vibrating from the beating stick.
A tire rolling down the asphalt road.
Hand holds the phone.
Hard candy rolling on flat surface.
Scrubber scrubs a dirty dish.
Jacket drapes carelessly over the back of the chair.
Batteries slot into the back of remote control.
Stone pendant hanging by a string loop.
Soap bar sliding off the ceramic dish.
Hand folds the paper.
Tossing cotton balls into a cotton basket.
Silk curtain sways gently on a steel curtain rod.
A bat swinging and hitting a baseball.
A hot iron pressing over a crumpled shirt.
Apple topples off a stack of paperback books.
A sharp nail punctures the car tire.
A shoe tapping rhythmically on the marble floor.
A tower of jenga blocks teetering.
a zipper zipping up a winter jacket.
Bike leans against the rough brick wall.
Book falls onto the floor.
Bricks pile up high on the wooden pallet.
Brush strokes paint on canvas.
Ceramic mug stands on a smooth kitchen counter.
Cheese is grating through the stainless steel grater.
Clamping a wire with pliers.
Clay pinched with metal tongs.
Dominoes toppling one after another on the table.
Door swings against the polished door frame.
Glass shatters on the floor.
Hand flipping open book cover.
Hand is squeezing the rubber ball.
Hand squeezes the stress ball.
Hoisting a flag up a flagpole.
Hook clinging onto a fish.
Knife carves into the wood.
Lifting a weight with hand.
Plastic chip flicks against the edge of the game board.
Plucking feathers from chicken.
Potato squashed by wooden masher.
Rope being used to pull wooden sled.
Rope pulls bucket from well using a pulley.
Scissors trim the paper to size.
The ball knocks over a ceramic pot.
The cue strikes the pool ball sharply.
The garlic press crushes the cloves of garlic.
The heavy weight compresses the spring-loaded pad.
The rock topples the carefully stacked pile of cans.
The winter boot resists slipping on an icy surface.
The sharp knife severs the fresh loaf of bread.
